okay i know it i usually get that look a
lot bigger on TV man but Melvin was sure
nice you know to give me a shirt in his
gloves and I look forward to the match
on Friday difference between being bad
and being this kind of bad yeah that's a
huge difference Stefan Terry you've got
to be a bad man I couldn't even imagine
you know I deal with the helmet shoulder
pads but I have all admiration in the
world for what he does what inspired you
to come out here today well you know I
haven't been enjoying it man it's
definitely a passion of mine you know to
toss and tumble though when you with a
helmet on you can't really do it so when
you get to see it live and in person
Melvin somebody high-caliber doing it
you look forward to coming out here how
big of an MMA find all you uh and i
think i think my you know my
stepbrothers are huge MMA fans i'm sort
of just coming into the mix you know i
watch it because it's a sport in a
competition something I love doing I
love competing at any level so it works
for me is there one receiver that you'd
like to get into the Octagon yes
absolutely yes absolutely I would love
it I really would would you fight him
you know I would mix it up for sure if
they're became a time and a place I
would definitely love to do it this is a
challenge to Andre Johnson no it's not a
challenge I just said if an opportunity
ever presents itself emma Mae and we can
do it I would love to there's been
plenty of them and football players come
into MMA like I should walk on and so on
there's also been some kind of celebrity
matchups and in MMA from former football
players and so on baseball players even
so you would definitely consider doing
that yeah i would consider doing it you
know being a family man and things that
nature you know i just like to have fun
a little bit and he's a talented guy so
you know we'll leave that on the
football field but uh you know i would
think about it but it's one of those
things that happening you move forward
with your trim with melvin for that
fight absolutely i'm def he's a bad man
my Gemma and I got to be a bad man with
gentlemen so I would definitely train
with Melvin
don't know don't know anything about I
you know there's one story that I have
of him which is I don't know if it's the
best story to tell but I was a rookie
you know in going to pre combine
workouts and I remember meeting him in
Atlanta and him telling me that I
couldn't play in NFL so uh that's my one
you know I'm a definitely remind about
that when I see him and I think he meant
it so I mama definitely remind him about
it and take him the oddity on them now
I'm in first office you know you know
it's all in good fun have not you know
don't know anything about it you know
what my heart is it's here but uh it's a
business side to it all you know as you
grow you'll see it and I just look
forward to you know whatever comes yeah
yeah I don't know if I'm nervous I'm
just you know patiently waiting and it's
like hurry up and wait that's what I'm
doing you know what just being a father
being a father and a husband and trying
to be a better at that that's my new
year's resolution it'd be a better
meeting I continue do that would be all
right so we'll see i'm starting to take
up swimming a little bit too and maybe
getting you know mix it up with
melbourne from time to time we see a lot
of football players Ison starting to
train in MMA with the Jay Glazer and so
on we saw Sean marmont and Marcedes
Lewis have you had any mix up in mixed
martial art training or would you
consider it yeah i've actually been here
before and everything you know mix it up
a time or two you know you got to be a
bad man and step on this mat and you'll
continue to come in and some you know i
may do in the near future how did you do
when you're in here i got what you know
as I should be you know being an athlete
just doesn't you know work for this you
know you got to have skill and that's um
I lack here remember when this sport
just started it seems like yesterday
that guys look guys but what would have
been like for a professional athlete to
watch the support growth
level it has i mean i think it's just
been that I mean it's just been you know
you know the thing that you see them
grow and grow and grow and get bigger
and bigger you know now beyond effects
and things of that nature it's just
something you know nice to watch you
know there's so many talented guys in
this profession and do what they do so
it's a nice little ride and you get it
you know come out here and watch yeah
they take a beating you know you from
the nose that I'd slip and that's just
something I thrive on that's the
adrenaline rush that you know we as
football players get and so you know
adrenaline rush when at doing that door
closes it's all she wrote so I look
forward to the match on Friday you know
I gotta roll with Milton but you know I
look to be a great fight they're gonna
be so many good fighters deserving to
win but definitely want to see Neville
come out on top yes sir thank you
you